[Music]
thirty-six true facts that sound like
lies regardless of whether we're young
or old our world is full of incredible
things and phenomena which we have yet
to learn that's how it's always been and
how it always will be
today we've got some fascinating facts
that are worth checking out I like
number 29 vests what about you
[Music]
biology
number one
there's almost a 100% probability that
your glass of water contains at least
one molecule of water that once passed
through a dinosaur all the water on
Earth has been here for 4.5 billion
years number 2 the hummingbird is the
only bird that can fly backward also
they can move sideways hover for an hour
and even fly upside down number three
the bacteria living in your body
outnumber the cells of which they are
composed of by ten times just think
about it
we share our bodies with ten thousand
species of microbes number four the
fingerprints of a koala are
indistinguishable from the fingerprints
of a human experts would struggle
telling human and koala fingerprints
apart even when studied under an
electron microscope number five
the tardigrade also known as the moss
piglet or water bear is the most
tenacious creature on earth it can
survive extreme conditions such as
permafrost boiling temperatures
radiation and even the vacuum of space
number six the time difference between
when Tyrannosaurus and Stegosaurus lived
is greater than the time difference
between Tyrannosaurus and US number
seven
earthworms have five hearts not just one
five however their hearts aren't as
complicated as ours
number eight the heart of a blue whale
is so huge that a human child could
easily swim through its arteries you
won't believe it weighs 1,300 pounds and
you can detect its heartbeat from 2
miles away
number 9 human DNA is 50% similar to the
DNA of a banana yep you got it a banana
no comment
number ten honey is the only food that
never goes bad you can safely keep it
for a year or two and even forever visit
number eleven since Putin was discovered
and until it lost its status as a planet
it hasn't completed a single full
revolution around the Sun not a single
one number 12 a day on Venus lasts
longer than a Venus iam year the day
rotation around its axis lasts about 243
Earth days and the Year revolution
around the Sun lasts for 225 Earth days
number 13 it literally rains diamonds on
Saturn and Jupiter
and the biggest diamonds would likely be
about a centimeter in diameter number 14
on Saturn's moon Titan the gravity is so
low and the atmosphere is so dense that
if you had small wings you could fly
like a bird
number 15 there are more molecules in
one glass of water than there are
glasses of water and all the oceans put
together so when you drink a glass of
water at least one of the molecules in
that glass has probably already been in
your body before number 16 the actual
trajectories of spacecraft represent
complex ellipses this means the
spacecraft wouldn't just travel along a
straight line from the earth to the moon
number 17 if you imagine that the Sun is
a human cell then by size comparison the
Milky Way galaxy would be like the
United States number 18
theoretically if you drill a shaft
through the earth and plunge into it you
will emerge on the other side in 42
minutes that's if you complete your
journey in one piece which is unlikely
history
number 19 Cleopatra live closer to the
time of the moon landings of the time
when the pyramids were built number 20
14 years before the maiden voyage of the
Titanic a novel was written about a ship
with a similar name sinking under
similar circumstances the book is called
the wreck of the Titan number 21 we'll
never know for sure who invented the
fire hydrant because the patent for it
was lost in the Washington DC plannin
office fire in 1836 oh the irony number
Neil Armstrong had to fill out an
immigration form when he returned to US
soil from the moon
a real immigration form I'm curious
whether they also check his ID number 23
French was the official language of
England for over 300 years from 1066 to
1362 it lasted during the occupation of
England by an army of Normans and
furnish number 24 the mad Roman Emperor
Caligula once decided to declare war on
the god of the Seas Poseidon and he
ordered his soldiers to randomly throw
their spears into the water however
people didn't want to do it
Caligula's bodyguards assassinated him
instead 25 every two minutes we take
more pictures and all of the humanity
did throughout the 19th century two
minutes and hundred years can you
believe it
number 26 when the Warner Brothers film
studio was founded the Ottoman Empire
still existed it's banned from 1299 to
1923 and the
was opened in 1903 culture and general
facts number 27 from space you can see
the border between East and West Germany
because the region's use different types
of light bulbs number 28
rushon is larger than the entire service
area of Pluto Pluto's surface area is
about 16 million square kilometers and
Russia is about 17 million square
kilometres
number 29 there's a mobile connection on
the summit of Mount Everest and a
permanent 3G connection as well 30
Steven Spielberg dropped out of college
in 1968 he only renewed his studies in
2002 as a way of expressing gratitude to
his parents for the opportunity to
pursue a higher education 31 an in-depth
exploration of almost any Wikipedia's
articles cross references and links
sooner or later brings you to the
subject of philosophy I wasn't aware of
this must try it
thirty two a can of ordinary coke sinks
in water but a can of Diet Coke floats
on the surface this is because the
regular cokes combined ingredients are
denser number 33 if we were capable of
hearing noises lower than 20 Hertz we
would be able to hear our own muscles to
trackdays I wonder how it might sound
number 34 one of ten Icelanders will
offer and publish a book at least once
in his or her lifetime therefore more
books are written and sold per person
per year in Iceland than anywhere else
in the world
number 35 99 percent of the energy used
by a microwave is consumed in standby
mode and not during heating not only a
microwave millions of devices in standby
mode waste a lot of energy number 36
the flag of Norway incorporates the
flags of six other countries they are
Indonesia Finland the Netherlands
Thailand Poland and France
[Music]
now what factors interest you the most
do you believe in all of them let us
know in the comments below if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life